{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2868
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Medium;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red201\green206\blue214;\red24\green24\blue23;\red229\green231\blue236;
\red140\green233\blue81;\red182\green181\blue168;\red82\green235\blue232;\red110\green117\blue134;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c82745\c84314\c87059;\cssrgb\c12157\c12157\c11765;\cssrgb\c91765\c92549\c94118;
\cssrgb\c60784\c91373\c38824;\cssrgb\c76471\c76078\c71765;\cssrgb\c36863\c92941\c92941;\cssrgb\c50588\c53333\c59608;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs21 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \{\cf4 \strokec4 \
  \cf5 \strokec5 `modules`\cf4 \strokec4 : \cf2 \strokec2 [\cf4 \strokec4 \
    \cf5 \strokec5 `mockup`\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4 \
    \cf5 \strokec5 `interactive`\cf4 \strokec4 \
  \cf2 \strokec2 ],\cf4 \strokec4 \
  \cf5 \strokec5 `platform`\cf4 \strokec4 : \cf5 \strokec5 `desktop`\cf4 \strokec4 \
\cf2 \strokec2 \}\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs16\fsmilli8250 \cf6 \cb3 \strokec6 R\'e9ponse\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs21 \cf4 \cb3 \strokec4 # Imagine \'97 Visual Creation Suite\
\
## Modules\
Call read_me again with the modules parameter to load detailed guidance:\
- `diagram` \'97 SVG flowcharts\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  structural diagrams\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  illustrative diagrams\
- `mockup` \'97 UI mockups\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  forms\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  cards\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  dashboards\
- `interactive` \'97 interactive explainers with controls\
- `chart` \'97 charts\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  data analysis\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  geographic maps (Chart.js\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  D3 choropleth)\
- `art` \'97 illustration and generative art\
Pick the closest fit. The module includes all relevant design guidance.\
\
**Complexity budget \'97 hard limits:**\
- Box subtitles: \uc0\u8804 \cf7 \strokec7 5\cf4 \strokec4  words. Detail goes in click-through (`sendPrompt`) or the prose below \'97 not the box.\
- Colors: \uc0\u8804 \cf7 \strokec7 2\cf4 \strokec4  ramps per diagram. If colors encode meaning (states\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  tiers)\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  add a \cf7 \strokec7 1\cf4 \strokec4 -line legend. Otherwise use one neutral ramp.\
- Horizontal tier: \uc0\u8804 \cf7 \strokec7 4\cf4 \strokec4  boxes at full width (~140px each). \cf7 \strokec7 5\cf4 \strokec4 + boxes \uc0\u8594  shrink to \u8804 110px OR wrap to \cf7 \strokec7 2\cf4 \strokec4  rows OR split into overview + detail diagrams.\
\
If you catch yourself writing \cf5 \strokec5 "click to learn more"\cf4 \strokec4  in prose\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  the diagram itself must ACTUALLY be sparse. Don't promise brevity then front-load everything.\
\
**Accessibility:** For HTML widgets\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  begin with a visually-hidden `<h2 class=\cf5 \strokec5 "sr-only"\cf4 \strokec4 >` containing a one-sentence summary of the visualization for screen-reader users. (SVG widgets use `role=\cf5 \strokec5 "img"\cf4 \strokec4 ` with `<title>` and `<desc>` instead \'97 see SVG setup.)\
\
You create rich visual content \'97 SVG diagrams/illustrations and HTML interactive widgets \'97 that renders inline in conversation. The best output feels like a natural extension of the chat.\
\
## Core Design System\
\
These rules apply to ALL use cases.\
\
### Philosophy\
- **Seamless**: Users shouldn't notice where claude.ai ends and your widget begins.\
- **Flat**: No gradients\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  mesh backgrounds\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  noise textures\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  or decorative effects. Clean flat surfaces.\
- **Compact**: Show the essential inline. Explain the rest in text.\
- **Text goes in your response\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  visuals go in the tool** \'97 All explanatory text\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  descriptions\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  introductions\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  and summaries must be written as normal response text OUTSIDE the tool call. The tool output should contain ONLY the visual element (diagram\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  chart\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  interactive widget). Never put paragraphs of explanation\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  section headings\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  or descriptive prose inside the HTML/SVG. If the user asks \cf5 \strokec5 "explain X"\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  write the explanation in your response and use the tool only for the visual that accompanies it. The user's font settings only apply to your response text\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  not to text inside the widget.\
\
### Streaming\
Output streams token-by-token. Structure code so useful content appears early.\
- **HTML**: `<style>` (short) \uc0\u8594  content HTML \u8594  `<script>` last.\
- **SVG**: `<defs>` (markers) \uc0\u8594  visual elements immediately.\
- Prefer inline `style=\cf5 \strokec5 "..."\cf4 \strokec4 ` over `<style>` blocks \'97 inputs/controls must look correct mid-stream.\
- Keep `<style>` under ~\cf7 \strokec7 15\cf4 \strokec4  lines. Interactive widgets with inputs and sliders need more style rules \'97 that's fine\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  but don't bloat with decorative CSS.\
- Gradients\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  shadows\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  and blur flash during streaming DOM diffs. Use solid flat fills instead.\
\
### Rules\
- No `<!-- comments -->` or `\cf8 \strokec8 /* comments */\cf4 \strokec4 ` (waste tokens\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  break streaming)\
- No font-size below 11px\
- No emoji \'97 use CSS shapes or SVG paths\
- No gradients\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  drop shadows\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  blur\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  glow\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  or neon effects\
- No dark/colored backgrounds on outer containers (transparent only \'97 host provides the bg)\
- **Typography**: The default font is Anthropic Sans. For the rare editorial/blockquote moment\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  use `font-family: var(--font-serif)`.\
- **Headings**: h1 = 22px\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  h2 = 18px\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  h3 = 16px \'97 all `font-weight: \cf7 \strokec7 500\cf4 \strokec4 `. Heading color is pre-set to `var(--color-text-primary)` \'97 don't override it. Body text = 16px\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  weight \cf7 \strokec7 400\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  `line-height: \cf7 \strokec7 1.7\cf4 \strokec4 `. **Two weights only: \cf7 \strokec7 400\cf4 \strokec4  regular\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  \cf7 \strokec7 500\cf4 \strokec4  bold.** Never use \cf7 \strokec7 600\cf4 \strokec4  or \cf7 \strokec7 700\cf4 \strokec4  \'97 they look heavy against the host UI.\
- **Sentence case** always. Never Title Case\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  never ALL CAPS. This applies everywhere including SVG text labels and diagram headings.\
- **No mid-sentence bolding**\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  including in your response text around the tool call. Entity names\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  class names\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  function names go in `code style` not **bold**. Bold is for headings and labels only.\
- The widget container is `display: block; width: \cf7 \strokec7 100\cf4 \strokec4 %`. Your HTML fills it naturally \'97 no wrapper div needed. Just start with your content directly. If you want vertical breathing room\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  add `padding: 1rem \cf7 \strokec7 0\cf4 \strokec4 ` on your first element.\
- Never use `position: fixed` \'97 the iframe viewport sizes itself to your in-flow content height\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  so fixed-positioned elements (modals\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  overlays\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  tooltips) collapse it to `min-height: 100px`. For modal/overlay mockups: wrap everything in a normal-flow `<div style=\cf5 \strokec5 "min-height: 400px; background: rgba(0,0,0,0.45); display: flex; align-items: center; justify-content: center;"\cf4 \strokec4 >` and put the modal inside \'97 it's a faux viewport that actually contributes layout height.\
- No DOCTYPE\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  `<html>`\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  `<head>`\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  or `<body>` \'97 just content fragments.\
- When placing text on a colored background (badges\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  pills\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  cards\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  tags)\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  use the darkest shade from that same color family for the text \'97 never plain black or generic gray.\
- **Corners**: use `border-radius: var(--border-radius-md)` (or `-lg` for cards) in HTML. In SVG\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  `rx=\cf5 \strokec5 "4"\cf4 \strokec4 ` is the default \'97 larger values make pills\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  use only when you mean a pill.\
- **No rounded corners on single-sided borders** \'97 if using `border-left` or `border-top` accents\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  set `border-radius: \cf7 \strokec7 0\cf4 \strokec4 `. Rounded corners only work with full borders on all sides.\
- **No titles or prose inside the tool output** \'97 see Philosophy above.\
- **Icon sizing**: When using emoji or inline SVG icons\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  explicitly set `font-size: 16px` for emoji or `width: 16px; height: 16px` for SVG icons. Never let icons inherit the container's font size \'97 they will render too large. For larger decorative icons\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  use 24px max.\
- No tabs\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  carousels\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  or `display: none` sections during streaming \'97 hidden content streams invisibly. Show all content stacked vertically. (Post-streaming JS-driven steppers are fine \'97 see Illustrative/Interactive sections.)\
- No nested scrolling \'97 auto-fit height.\
- Scripts execute after streaming \'97 load libraries via `<script src=\cf5 \strokec5 "https://cdnjs.cloudflare.com/ajax/libs/..."\cf4 \strokec4 >` (UMD globals)\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  then use the global in a plain `<script>` that follows.\
- **CDN allowlist (CSP-enforced)**: external resources may ONLY load from `cdnjs.cloudflare.com`\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  `esm.sh`\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  `cdn.jsdelivr.net`\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  `unpkg.com`. All other origins are blocked by the sandbox \'97 the request silently fails.\
\
### CSS Variables\
**Backgrounds**: `--color-background-primary` (white)\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  `-secondary` (surfaces)\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  `-tertiary` (page bg)\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  `-info`\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  `-danger`\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  `-success`\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  `-warning`\
**Text**: `--color-text-primary` (black)\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  `-secondary` (muted)\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  `-tertiary` (hints)\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  `-info`\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  `-danger`\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  `-success`\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  `-warning`\
**Borders**: `--color-border-tertiary` (\cf7 \strokec7 0.15\cf4 \strokec4 \uc0\u945 \cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  default)\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  `-secondary` (\cf7 \strokec7 0.3\cf4 \strokec4 \uc0\u945 \cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  hover)\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  `-primary` (\cf7 \strokec7 0.4\cf4 \strokec4 \uc0\u945 )\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  semantic `-info/-danger/-success/-warning`\
**Typography**: `--font-sans`\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  `--font-serif`\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  `--font-mono`\
**Layout**: `--border-radius-md` (8px)\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  `--border-radius-lg` (12px \'97 preferred for most components)\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  `--border-radius-xl` (16px)\
All auto-adapt to light/dark mode. For custom colors in HTML\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  use CSS variables.\
\
**Dark mode is mandatory** \'97 every color must work in both modes:\
- In SVG: use the pre-built color classes (`c-blue`\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  `c-teal`\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  `c-amber`\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  etc.) for colored nodes \'97 they handle light/dark mode automatically. Never write `<style>` blocks for colors.\
- In SVG: every `<text>` element needs a class (`t`\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  `ts`\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  `th`) \'97 never omit fill or use `fill=\cf5 \strokec5 "inherit"\cf4 \strokec4 `. Inside a `c-\cf2 \strokec2 \{\cf4 \strokec4 color\cf2 \strokec2 \}\cf4 \strokec4 ` parent\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  text classes auto-adjust to the ramp.\
- In HTML: always use CSS variables (--color-text-primary\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  --color-text-secondary) for text. Never hardcode colors like color: #\cf7 \strokec7 333\cf4 \strokec4  \'97 invisible in dark mode.\
- Mental test: if the background were near-black\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  would every text element still be readable?\
\
### sendPrompt(text)\
A global function that sends a message to chat as if the user typed it. Use it when the user's next step benefits from Claude thinking. Handle filtering\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  sorting\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  toggling\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  and calculations in JS instead.\
\
### Links\
`<a href=\cf5 \strokec5 "https://..."\cf4 \strokec4 >` just works \'97 clicks are intercepted and open the host's link-confirmation dialog. Or call `openLink(url)` directly.\
\
## When nothing fits\
Pick the closest use case below and adapt. When nothing fits cleanly:\
- Default to editorial layout if the content is explanatory\
- Default to card layout if the content is a bounded object\
- All core design system rules still apply\
- Use `sendPrompt()` for any action that benefits from Claude thinking\
\
\
## UI components\
\
### Layout width\
The widget container is 680px wide. Use `repeat(auto-fit\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  minmax(160px\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  1fr))` for responsive columns \'97 auto-fit lets the grid pick column count by available width.\
\
### Aesthetic\
Flat\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  clean\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  white surfaces. Minimal \cf7 \strokec7 0\cf4 \strokec4 .5px borders. Generous whitespace. No gradients\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  no shadows (except functional focus rings). Everything should feel native to claude.ai \'97 like it belongs on the page\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  not embedded from somewhere else.\
\
### Tokens\
- Borders: always `\cf7 \strokec7 0\cf4 \strokec4 .5px solid var(--color-border-tertiary)` (or `-secondary` for emphasis)\
- Corner radius: `var(--border-radius-md)` for most elements\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  `var(--border-radius-lg)` for cards\
- Cards: white bg (`var(--color-background-primary)`)\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  \cf7 \strokec7 0\cf4 \strokec4 .5px border\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  radius-lg\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  padding 1rem \cf7 \strokec7 1\cf4 \strokec4 .25rem\
- Form elements (input\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  select\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  textarea\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  button\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  range slider) are pre-styled \'97 write bare tags. Text inputs are 36px with hover/focus built in; range sliders have 4px track + 18px thumb; buttons have outline style with hover/active. Only add inline styles to override (e.g.\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  different width).\
- Buttons: pre-styled with transparent bg\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  \cf7 \strokec7 0\cf4 \strokec4 .5px border-secondary\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  hover bg-secondary\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  active scale(\cf7 \strokec7 0.98\cf4 \strokec4 ). If it triggers sendPrompt\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  append a \uc0\u8599  arrow.\
- **Round every displayed number.** JS float math leaks artifacts \'97 `\cf7 \strokec7 0.1\cf4 \strokec4  + \cf7 \strokec7 0.2\cf4 \strokec4 ` gives `\cf7 \strokec7 0.30000000000000004\cf4 \strokec4 `\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  `\cf7 \strokec7 7\cf4 \strokec4  * \cf7 \strokec7 1.1\cf4 \strokec4 ` gives `\cf7 \strokec7 7.700000000000001\cf4 \strokec4 `. Any number that reaches the screen (slider readouts\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  stat card values\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  axis labels\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  data-point labels\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  tooltips\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  computed totals) must go through `Math.round()`\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  `.toFixed(n)`\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  or `Intl.NumberFormat`. Pick the precision that makes sense for the context \'97 integers for counts\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  \cf7 \strokec7 1\cf4 \strokec4 \'96\cf7 \strokec7 2\cf4 \strokec4  decimals for percentages\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  `toLocaleString()` for currency. For range sliders\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  also set `step=\cf5 \strokec5 "1"\cf4 \strokec4 ` (or step=\cf5 \strokec5 "0.1"\cf4 \strokec4  etc.) so the input itself emits round values.\
- Spacing: use rem for vertical rhythm (1rem\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  \cf7 \strokec7 1\cf4 \strokec4 .5rem\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  2rem)\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  px for component-internal gaps (8px\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  12px\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  16px)\
- Box-shadows: none\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  except `box-shadow: \cf7 \strokec7 0\cf4 \strokec4  \cf7 \strokec7 0\cf4 \strokec4  \cf7 \strokec7 0\cf4 \strokec4  Npx` focus rings on inputs\
\
### Metric cards\
For summary numbers (revenue\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  count\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  percentage) \'97 surface card with muted 13px label above\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  24px/\cf7 \strokec7 500\cf4 \strokec4  number below. `background: var(--color-background-secondary)`\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  no border\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  `border-radius: var(--border-radius-md)`\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  padding 1rem. Use in grids of \cf7 \strokec7 2-4\cf4 \strokec4  with `gap: 12px`. Distinct from raised cards (which have white bg + border).\
\
### Layout\
- Editorial (explanatory content): no card wrapper\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  prose flows naturally\
- Card (bounded objects like a contact record\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  receipt): single raised card wraps the whole thing\
- Don't put tables here \'97 output them as markdown in your response text\
\
**Grid overflow:** `grid-template-columns: 1fr` has `min-width: auto` by default \'97 children with large min-content push the column past the container. Use `minmax(\cf7 \strokec7 0\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  1fr)` to clamp.\
\
**Table overflow:** Tables with many columns auto-expand past `width: \cf7 \strokec7 100\cf4 \strokec4 %` if cell contents exceed it. In constrained layouts (\uc0\u8804 700px)\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  use `table-layout: fixed` and set explicit column widths\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  or reduce columns\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  or allow horizontal scroll on a wrapper.\
\
### Mockup presentation\
Contained mockups \'97 mobile screens\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  chat threads\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  single cards\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  modals\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  small UI components \'97 should sit on a background surface (`var(--color-background-secondary)` container with `border-radius: var(--border-radius-lg)` and padding\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  or a device frame) so they don't float naked on the widget canvas. Full-width mockups like dashboards\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  settings pages\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  or data tables that naturally fill the viewport do not need an extra wrapper.\
\
### \cf7 \strokec7 1\cf4 \strokec4 . Interactive explainer \'97 learn how something works\
*\cf5 \strokec5 "Explain how compound interest works"\cf4 \strokec4  / \cf5 \strokec5 "Teach me about sorting algorithms"\cf4 \strokec4 *\
\
Use HTML for the interactive controls \'97 sliders\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  buttons\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  live state displays\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  charts. Keep prose explanations in your normal response text (outside the tool call)\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  not embedded in the HTML. No card wrapper. Whitespace is the container.\
\
```html\
<div style=\cf5 \strokec5 "display: flex; align-items: center; gap: 12px; margin: 0 0 1.5rem;"\cf4 \strokec4 >\
  <label style=\cf5 \strokec5 "font-size: 14px; color: var(--color-text-secondary);"\cf4 \strokec4 >Years</label>\
  <input type=\cf5 \strokec5 "range"\cf4 \strokec4  min=\cf5 \strokec5 "1"\cf4 \strokec4  max=\cf5 \strokec5 "40"\cf4 \strokec4  value=\cf5 \strokec5 "20"\cf4 \strokec4  id=\cf5 \strokec5 "years"\cf4 \strokec4  style=\cf5 \strokec5 "flex: 1;"\cf4 \strokec4  />\
  <span style=\cf5 \strokec5 "font-size: 14px; font-weight: 500; min-width: 24px;"\cf4 \strokec4  id=\cf5 \strokec5 "years-out"\cf4 \strokec4 >\cf7 \strokec7 20\cf4 \strokec4 </span>\
</div>\
\
<div style=\cf5 \strokec5 "display: flex; align-items: baseline; gap: 8px; margin: 0 0 1.5rem;"\cf4 \strokec4 >\
  <span style=\cf5 \strokec5 "font-size: 14px; color: var(--color-text-secondary);"\cf4 \strokec4 >\'a3\cf7 \strokec7 1\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf7 \strokec7 000\cf4 \strokec4  \uc0\u8594 </span>\
  <span style=\cf5 \strokec5 "font-size: 24px; font-weight: 500;"\cf4 \strokec4  id=\cf5 \strokec5 "result"\cf4 \strokec4 >\'a3\cf7 \strokec7 3\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf7 \strokec7 870\cf4 \strokec4 </span>\
</div>\
\
<div style=\cf5 \strokec5 "margin: 2rem 0; position: relative; height: 240px;"\cf4 \strokec4 >\
  <canvas id=\cf5 \strokec5 "chart"\cf4 \strokec4 ></canvas>\
</div>\
```\
\
Use `sendPrompt()` to let users ask follow-ups: `sendPrompt('What if I increase the rate to \cf7 \strokec7 10\cf4 \strokec4 %?')`\
\
### \cf7 \strokec7 2\cf4 \strokec4 . Compare options \'97 decision making\
*\cf5 \strokec5 "Compare pricing and features of these products"\cf4 \strokec4  / \cf5 \strokec5 "Help me choose between React and Vue"\cf4 \strokec4 *\
\
Use HTML. Side-by-side card grid for options. Highlight differences with semantic colors. Interactive elements for filtering or weighting.\
\
- Each option in a card. Use badges for key differentiators.\
- Add `sendPrompt()` buttons: `sendPrompt('Tell me more about the Pro plan')`\
- Don't put comparison tables inside this tool \'97 output them as regular markdown tables in your response text instead. The tool is for the visual card grid only.\
- When one option is recommended or \cf5 \strokec5 "most popular"\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  accent its card with `border: 2px solid var(--color-border-info)` only (2px is deliberate \'97 the only exception to the \cf7 \strokec7 0\cf4 \strokec4 .5px rule\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  used to accent featured items) \'97 keep the same background and border as the other cards. Add a small badge (e.g. \cf5 \strokec5 "Most popular"\cf4 \strokec4 ) above or inside the card header using `background: var(--color-background-info); color: var(--color-text-info); font-size: 12px; padding: 4px 12px; border-radius: var(--border-radius-md)`.\
\
### \cf7 \strokec7 3\cf4 \strokec4 . Data record \'97 bounded UI object\
*\cf5 \strokec5 "Show me a Salesforce contact card"\cf4 \strokec4  / \cf5 \strokec5 "Create a receipt for this order"\cf4 \strokec4 *\
\
Use HTML. Wrap the entire thing in a single raised card. All content is sans-serif since it's pure UI. Use an avatar/initials circle for people (see example below).\
\
```html\
<div style=\cf5 \strokec5 "background: var(--color-background-primary); border-radius: var(--border-radius-lg); border: 0.5px solid var(--color-border-tertiary); padding: 1rem 1.25rem;"\cf4 \strokec4 >\
  <div style=\cf5 \strokec5 "display: flex; align-items: center; gap: 12px; margin-bottom: 16px;"\cf4 \strokec4 >\
    <div style=\cf5 \strokec5 "width: 44px; height: 44px; border-radius: 50%; background: var(--color-background-info); display: flex; align-items: center; justify-content: center; font-weight: 500; font-size: 14px; color: var(--color-text-info);"\cf4 \strokec4 >MR</div>\
    <div>\
      <p style=\cf5 \strokec5 "font-weight: 500; font-size: 15px; margin: 0;"\cf4 \strokec4 >Maya Rodriguez</p>\
      <p style=\cf5 \strokec5 "font-size: 13px; color: var(--color-text-secondary); margin: 0;"\cf4 \strokec4 >VP of Engineering</p>\
    </div>\
  </div>\
  <div style=\cf5 \strokec5 "border-top: 0.5px solid var(--color-border-tertiary); padding-top: 12px;"\cf4 \strokec4 >\
    <table style=\cf5 \strokec5 "width: 100%; font-size: 13px;"\cf4 \strokec4 >\
      <tr><td style=\cf5 \strokec5 "color: var(--color-text-secondary); padding: 4px 0;"\cf4 \strokec4 >Email</td><td style=\cf5 \strokec5 "text-align: right; padding: 4px 0; color: var(--color-text-info);"\cf4 \strokec4 >m.rodriguez@acme.com</td></tr>\
      <tr><td style=\cf5 \strokec5 "color: var(--color-text-secondary); padding: 4px 0;"\cf4 \strokec4 >Phone</td><td style=\cf5 \strokec5 "text-align: right; padding: 4px 0;"\cf4 \strokec4 >+\cf7 \strokec7 1\cf4 \strokec4  (\cf7 \strokec7 415\cf4 \strokec4 ) \cf7 \strokec7 555-0172\cf4 \strokec4 </td></tr>\
    </table>\
  </div>\
</div>\
```\
\
\
## Color palette\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf7 \strokec7 9\cf4 \strokec4  color ramps\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  each with \cf7 \strokec7 7\cf4 \strokec4  stops from lightest to darkest. \cf7 \strokec7 50\cf4 \strokec4  = lightest fill\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  \cf7 \strokec7 100-200\cf4 \strokec4  = light fills\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  \cf7 \strokec7 400\cf4 \strokec4  = mid tones\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  \cf7 \strokec7 600\cf4 \strokec4  = strong/border\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  \cf7 \strokec7 800-900\cf4 \strokec4  = text on light fills.\
\
| Class | Ramp | \cf7 \strokec7 50\cf4 \strokec4  (lightest) | \cf7 \strokec7 100\cf4 \strokec4  | \cf7 \strokec7 200\cf4 \strokec4  | \cf7 \strokec7 400\cf4 \strokec4  | \cf7 \strokec7 600\cf4 \strokec4  | \cf7 \strokec7 800\cf4 \strokec4  | \cf7 \strokec7 900\cf4 \strokec4  (darkest) |\
|-------|------|------|-----|-----|-----|-----|-----|------|\
| `c-purple` | Purple | #EEEDFE | #CECBF6 | #AFA9EC | #7F77DD | #534AB7 | #3C3489 | #26215C |\
| `c-teal` | Teal | #E1F5EE | #9FE1CB | #5DCAA5 | #1D9E75 | #0F6E56 | #\cf7 \strokec7 085041\cf4 \strokec4  | #04342C |\
| `c-coral` | Coral | #FAECE7 | #F5C4B3 | #F0997B | #D85A30 | #993C1D | #712B13 | #4A1B0C |\
| `c-pink` | Pink | #FBEAF0 | #F4C0D1 | #ED93B1 | #D4537E | #\cf7 \strokec7 993556\cf4 \strokec4  | #72243E | #4B1528 |\
| `c-gray` | Gray | #F1EFE8 | #D3D1C7 | #B4B2A9 | #\cf7 \strokec7 888780\cf4 \strokec4  | #5F5E5A | #\cf7 \strokec7 444441\cf4 \strokec4  | #2C2C2A |\
| `c-blue` | Blue | #E6F1FB | #B5D4F4 | #85B7EB | #378ADD | #185FA5 | #0C447C | #042C53 |\
| `c-green` | Green | #EAF3DE | #C0DD97 | #97C459 | #\cf7 \strokec7 639922\cf4 \strokec4  | #3B6D11 | #27500A | #\cf7 \strokec7 173404\cf4 \strokec4  |\
| `c-amber` | Amber | #FAEEDA | #FAC775 | #EF9F27 | #BA7517 | #854F0B | #\cf7 \strokec7 633806\cf4 \strokec4  | #\cf7 \strokec7 412402\cf4 \strokec4  |\
| `c-red` | Red | #FCEBEB | #F7C1C1 | #F09595 | #E24B4A | #A32D2D | #791F1F | #\cf7 \strokec7 501313\cf4 \strokec4  |\
\
**How to assign colors**: Color should encode meaning\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  not sequence. Don't cycle through colors like a rainbow (step \cf7 \strokec7 1\cf4 \strokec4  = blue\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  step \cf7 \strokec7 2\cf4 \strokec4  = amber\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  step \cf7 \strokec7 3\cf4 \strokec4  = red...). Instead:\
- Group nodes by **category** \'97 all nodes of the same type share one color. E.g. in a vaccine diagram: all immune cells = purple\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  all pathogens = coral\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  all outcomes = teal.\
- For illustrative diagrams\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  map colors to **physical properties** \'97 warm ramps for heat/energy\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  cool for cold/calm\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  green for organic\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  gray for structural/inert.\
- Use **gray for neutral/structural** nodes (start\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  end\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  generic steps).\
- Use **\cf7 \strokec7 2-3\cf4 \strokec4  colors per diagram**\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  not \cf7 \strokec7 6\cf4 \strokec4 +. More colors = more visual noise. A diagram with gray + purple + teal is cleaner than one using every ramp.\
- **Prefer purple\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  teal\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  coral\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  pink** for general diagram categories. Reserve blue\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  green\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  amber\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  and red for cases where the node genuinely represents an informational\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  success\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  warning\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  or error concept \'97 those colors carry strong semantic connotations from UI conventions. (Exception: illustrative diagrams may use blue/amber/red freely when they map to physical properties like temperature or pressure.)\
\
**Text on colored backgrounds:** Always use the \cf7 \strokec7 800\cf4 \strokec4  or \cf7 \strokec7 900\cf4 \strokec4  stop from the same ramp as the fill. Never use black\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  gray\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  or --color-text-primary on colored fills. **When a box has both a title and a subtitle\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  they must be two different stops** \'97 title darker (\cf7 \strokec7 800\cf4 \strokec4  in light mode\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  \cf7 \strokec7 100\cf4 \strokec4  in dark)\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  subtitle lighter (\cf7 \strokec7 600\cf4 \strokec4  in light\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  \cf7 \strokec7 200\cf4 \strokec4  in dark). Same stop for both reads flat; the weight difference alone isn't enough. For example\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  text on Blue \cf7 \strokec7 50\cf4 \strokec4  (#E6F1FB) must use Blue \cf7 \strokec7 800\cf4 \strokec4  (#0C447C) or \cf7 \strokec7 900\cf4 \strokec4  (#042C53)\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  not black. This applies to SVG text elements inside colored rects\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  and to HTML badges\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  pills\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  and labels with colored backgrounds.\
\
**Light/dark mode quick pick** \'97 use only stops from the table\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  never off-table hex values:\
- **Light mode**: \cf7 \strokec7 50\cf4 \strokec4  fill + \cf7 \strokec7 600\cf4 \strokec4  stroke + **\cf7 \strokec7 800\cf4 \strokec4  title / \cf7 \strokec7 600\cf4 \strokec4  subtitle**\
- **Dark mode**: \cf7 \strokec7 800\cf4 \strokec4  fill + \cf7 \strokec7 200\cf4 \strokec4  stroke + **\cf7 \strokec7 100\cf4 \strokec4  title / \cf7 \strokec7 200\cf4 \strokec4  subtitle**\
- Apply `c-\cf2 \strokec2 \{\cf4 \strokec4 ramp\cf2 \strokec2 \}\cf4 \strokec4 ` to a `<g>` wrapping shape+text\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  or directly to a `<rect>`/`<circle>`/`<ellipse>`. Never to `<path>` \'97 paths don't get ramp fill. For colored connector strokes use inline `stroke=\cf5 \strokec5 "#..."\cf4 \strokec4 ` (any mid-ramp hex works in both modes). Dark mode is automatic for ramp classes. Available: c-gray\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  c-blue\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  c-red\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  c-amber\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  c-green\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  c-teal\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  c-purple\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  c-coral\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  c-pink.\
\
For status/semantic meaning in UI (success\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  warning\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  danger) use CSS variables. For categorical coloring in both diagrams and UI\cf2 \strokec2 ,\cf4 \strokec4  use these ramps.}